
It tells more than just time
 

With a plethora of smart watches available online no wonder everybody is confused which one to buy. We wish to make the process of selecting the most suitable Bluetooth smartwatch easier for you. 

The perfect smart watch is the one which has all the quintessential features you are looking for, comes with a striking design, has a friendly user interface and a commendable battery life. But every individual has a different requirement and so we have a personality wise guide to picking the perfect smart watch for you. 

List Of Noise Smart Watch 
Gonoise.com brings to you Bluetooth smart watches online which makes your mundane activities effortless, keeps a tab on your heath and keeps you connected. We have the following smart watches:
1.	Noise Impulse
2.	Noise Urge
3.	Noise GT08
4.	Noise Loop
Each smart watch is designed to make your life interesting, smooth and stylish. 
Which smart watch suits you?
NOISE IMPULSE
 
As the name suggests this android smart watch is for those who are impulsive, passionate and carefree. Noise Impulse Smart watch is made for those who are not only health conscious but also do not like carrying their phone all the time. 
Noise Impulse has a square black coloured dial, 1.48" Capacitive Touch Screen and 128*128 screen resolution. It is compatible with android version (4.2+). Noise Impulse smart watch has an inbuilt mic and speaker, remote video recording technique, pedometer and much more. 

NOISE URGE
For all those who have the urge to do something out of the box, are creative and spontaneous then this smart watch is for you. 
Noise Urge comes in different strap colours and has a square shape. It has a 1.54 inch screen and screen resolution of 240*240 pixels. The RAM built in is of 128mb while ROM is of 32mb. If you love to click pictures then Noise Urge has an inbuilt camera too!
 



NOISE GT08
This smart watch is made for explorers, wanderers and people who crave for adventure. With a flexible & durable strap and sturdy built, this smart watch is perfect while trekking and camping. It has an inbuilt camera so that you can capture unique moments, pedometer to keep a tab on your health and all the other basic features. 
 


NOISE LOOP
It has a circular dial, 6 watch faces and is compatible with both iOS (8+) and android version (4.2+). If you are looking for a Bluetooth smartwatch which is classy, health effective and makes a style statement then this is the one for you. Noise Loop has heart rate monitor, pedometer and sleep monitor. Stay connected with Whatsapp and Facebook notifications but if you cherish solitude then you can turn off the alerts. 
 

The table below will provide you with an overall view of all our products:

 


The Perfect Package
Noise brings to you smart watches that caters to all your needs without compromising on style. These wearable’s are efficient, user friendly and also make an elegant gift choice. So go ahead pick the smart watch that suits you and your loved ones the most.

